Release v0.8.0 (#30)
nerves-hub/nerves_hub_user_api: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.8.0

* Breaking Changes
  * This release includes a change to how CA certificates are used in the connection
    to NervesHub. If you are connecting to the publicly hosted https://nerves-hub.org,
    then no changes are required.
    If you are manually supplying `:ca_certs` config value to connect to another instance

>     of NervesHub, then you will need to update you config following the instructions of
>     [CA Certificates](README.md#ca-certificates) in the README

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    of NervesHub, then you will need to update you config following the new instructions
    for [Configuration](README.md#configuration) in the README
```
